# CS482_Final_Project

   Throughout the completion of our road detection project, we faced many challenges that set us back throughout multiple phases of our project. One of the first issues that we faced was the installation of miniconda for the environment setup. We originally installed the wrong version of miniconda which was recommended by github. We later fixed this problem by switching to version 4.10.1. Other issues that we faced pertained to osmnx errors and varying versions of python. Specifically we had problems with PATH which led to not having multiple environments in one collab notebook. We fixed this issue by creating two collab notebooks with different versions of python. One of the notebooks dealt with data prep (python version 3.6) while the other notebook was used for training and testing our data (python version 3.8). During the data preparation phase, we were forced to switch from sn3 data to sn5 data due to the fact that the sn3 did not have speed masks. 

   Moving forward, we faced an unrecognized argument error for path_data_root in the Sn5_baseline.json file. We resolved this issue by removing that line from the json file. We had a formatting issue in the speed conversion file which was resolved quickly once we applied the necessary changes. Due to the fact that we were using newer versions of python and pytorch, we had to change the syntax of “async” to “nonblocking” in lines 194-195 of the train.py file. Another challenge we faced was the usage of both pip and conda to install various packages. At first, we did not want to use pip install due to the fact that it was giving us conflicts, however we reached a middle ground between using both pip and conda to install and update packages once we received an opencv2 error. To update opencv2 to a newer version, we had to use pip install. From here, we found a middle ground with using conda and pip to install pytorch and pyproj since they’re dependencies were clashing due to different versions of python. 

   The last issue we faced which was the ultimate reason as to why our project was not able to successfully create the road detection map was a discrepancy in the printing of the graphs. We were unable to find a solution to fix this issue. We thought that the graphs may not have printed due to the lack of nodes in the skeletons from the amount of trials that we ran to train our data. We decided to increase the amount of runs to train the data to produce more nodes in the skeletons. After training the data for about 70 runs which was recommended by github, we were still unsuccessful in getting the graphs to print. Overall, we faced many obstacles throughout the completion of this road detection project. We were able to overcome many of the errors and problems that we received, however were unable to complete the final step. We felt that if we had more time to complete the project, we would eventually be able to figure out the last issue we faced which pertained to the printing of the graphs.

